Clean up terraform GitHub team module (#19)
mineiros-io/terraform-github-team: examples/README.md

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mineiros-io/brand/3bffd30e8bdbbde32c143e2650b2faa55f1df3ea/mineiros-primary-logo.svg" width="400"/>][homepage]

[![GitHub tag (latest SemVer)][badge-semver]][releases-github]
[![license][badge-license]][apache20]
[![Terraform Version][badge-terraform]][releases-terraform]
[![Join Slack][badge-slack]][slack]

# Examples for using this Mineiros module

> - [public-repository-with-team/] Create a repository and grant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [github-team/] Create a team with two repositories with different permissions.
```

<!-- References -->

<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->

> [public-repository-with-team/]: https://github.com/mineiros-io/terraform-github-team/blob/master/examples/github-team

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[github-team/]: https://github.com/mineiros-io/terraform-github-team/blob/master/examples/github-team
```
